

1. Create an empty Code Igniter Version 3, without any extra packages. Push codes to some public Bitbucket or 
GitHub repo.
Tasks needing to be done (VERY IMPORTANT - for every task point create a new branch from master, then create 
a pull request with master, merge it, remove the branch from the repo, then create a new branch from the fresh
 master for the next task, etc):
2. Create a database for this situation: there should be users and products. Let's imagine products are some
 stock with unlimited count but with ability to be activated or inactivated. Verified and active users can 
 pick products with counts and prices for themselves from the products list. For example there is a product
 iPhone XXX in the list, some user attaches that product to his products list with quantity 5 and price 1000$ 
 (per item). To understand better, imagine users are sellers. Later they can modify products quantities and prices.
This point is just for database creation, no need to provide any functionality, so please create the database
 and fill with some dummy data. Products table should have these fields with fields 
 id, title, description, image, status, timestamps.
3. Create a page in the app and show these data:
3.1. Count of all active and verified users.
3.2. Count of active and verified users who have attached active products.
3.3. Count of all active products (just from products table).
3.4. Count of active products which don't belong to any user.
3.5. Amount of all active attached products (if user1 has 3 prod1 and 2 prod2 which are active, user2 has 7 prod2 and 4 prod3, prod3 is inactive, then the amount of active attached products will be 3 + 2 + 7 = 12).
3.6. Summarized price of all active attached products (from the previous subpoint if prod1 price is 100$, prod2 price is 120$, prod3 price is 200$, the summarized price will be 3 x 100 + 9 x 120 = 1380).
3.7. Summarized prices of all active products per user. For example - John Summer - 85$, Lennon Green - 107$.
3.8. The exchange rates for USD and RON based on Euro using https://exchangeratesapi.io/ . This is a separated subpoint and isn't related to the previous subpoints.
Don't worry about the design, we want to test your backend skills.
Feel free to ask any question related to the task before starting or during the work.
Exchange Rates API
Website description.

You can take breaks

